---
title: Results
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Results

This section will guide you on how to view, browse, and interpret the results of your meta-analysis.

## Viewing Your Results

Once your meta-analysis is complete, the results are automatically uploaded to both Neurosynth Compose and NeuroVault. You can view your results either in the cloud or within the environment where the analysis was run.

To access your results, click the **NeuroVault Collection Link**. This link will direct you to a NeuroVault collection that contains all the images generated by the algorithm you selected for your analysis.

For a detailed reference on the taxonomy of filenames generated by NiMARE, please refer to the [NiMARE documentation on outputs](https://nimare.readthedocs.io/en/stable/outputs.html).

## Understanding the Outputs

The results page will display a list of all images produced by your meta-analysis. These include unthresholded statistical maps, which allow for more flexible post-hoc thresholding based on your specific needs.

### Interpreting Cluster-Level Corrected Maps

It’s important to note that NiMARE outputs **unthresholded statistical maps**. This means you may need to apply your own thresholding to identify significant clusters. However, for cluster-level corrected maps, the output can sometimes cause confusion. 

Cluster-level correction is a method where the significance of a voxel cluster is determined after applying a voxel-wise cluster-defining threshold. In cluster-level corrected maps:
- Non-significant voxels are set to zero after applying the threshold.
- Each cluster that survives the cluster-defining threshold is assigned a single value, which is applied uniformly across all voxels in the cluster.

Even clusters with relatively high p-values (i.e., less significant clusters) may still appear in the map, provided they surpass the initial cluster-defining threshold. As a result, some clusters may appear in the map even though they may not be highly significant at the overall level.


For further details on thresholding and interpreting the outputs, consult the [NiMARE documentation](https://nimare.readthedocs.io).
